Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Code start recording. So this like repositories.

Unknown Speaker  0:08  
Let's just start with this repository exploration.

Unknown Speaker  0:12  
Today's date is the 29th of October, 2025 but it's good to use a full date because, you know, issues can go long and long,

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
so one second.

Unknown Speaker  0:24  
So you see this repository,

Unknown Speaker  0:27  
there's something called the dscb directed, symbiotic birth control Guys, guys, one second. Let me read it. Basically. This is fragmented and recommended from Sir ratchet. But the goal of this repository is not to control just the change the way. Let's go with the readme document.

Unknown Speaker  0:47  
So direction symbolic about control all obsessed Nnamdi Michael of other efforts, because she learned to read who's handwriting.

Unknown Speaker  0:57  
So this is my code. It's my code. When you say that to me, I just say, how I write, learn to read it, because, you know, it's kind of smart. It's like, you know, so smart, right? Fast is this fragmented only I can read it and say, let me read it. And I said, it's obviously, I get you, I get you. But it's what the fuck?

Unknown Speaker  1:22  
So, basically directed symbiotic birth control, all obedience, Nnamdi, me, effort, forgiven two people, authentic love, like in a regime has failed. So what do I mean?

Unknown Speaker  1:33  
It seems all the way to get people together, pets, Chinese doctor together, bought a girl, more or less do the same as the ballary, symbiotic of emerging and stem, really not vast competition, a redirection, redistribution, of normalization, then also having a boy or girl as a child. Okay, basically that just means anything to control the birth control they can. There's all the evidence, all the all the distribution of the boy girl has failed. But you know, you cannot get a boy or girl changing any variable. You can go or get a random sequence of instructions. You cannot direct the birds to one system using binary, especially binary or symbiotic religion for heterogeneous and homogeneous people, for example, say the white Chinese, because Chinese have something called the Chinese have something called

Unknown Speaker  2:30  
a policy, a one but I know it's now, but you know, let's go, if you know, you can get me to have a one child policy. And the one child policy is like, you know you only have allowed one child. Why? Because of population. Now the one child can be boy or girl. If you get a boy, you can pass on your genes. If you get a girl, you cannot passages. You know the in the law of the Chinese until anywhere in Roku, the boy takes the if you get, if you get a man, a man, you have something to look up to. If a child, you can neglect that child naturally, whether she cannot. Anybody that has a girl puts in social care.

Unknown Speaker  3:06  
We said this place, I mean, but you know, the birth of an adult child, male, all the assets will be afforded, all the name, because, you know, especially we have the surname, the chair name is kept you within the screen, the randomness, if you don't know what a girl, boy, girl, because you know, your friend can have a boy and you can have a girl, and you know the you know, you access everything we lost because the girl doesn't have the power.

Unknown Speaker  3:31  
But now the Chinese policy has changed. Now there's been people to have more children. Probably don't want to raise an army, but that's not my concern. But you know, if I pay, basically, I'm saying, if I start business in Japan, I can either a child in Japan, no China, sorry, I can get paid to have 234, children. One is the standard that can have 5456, I just get, like, something called government fine, government money. But that's those are view. That's more coercion. I don't think that's sustainable for people that need more money. So you can have sex. Sex. Can bang with 10 chicks. You like 10 chicks and get money for having children. You can have problems with all of that, but, you know, it's just for how the lawyers you know, wanted to have it up. Now, where this comes in, when the person comes across, concluded this is not improbable, improbable, meaning it's impossible, but unimprobable. It's not impossible, but improbable. This is means, for me, impossible means like, it's not impossible because this is just objective here, but the probable because it's like, this is just objectives of focus. So the goal of this framework is not to act as chaining variables.

Unknown Speaker  4:38  
Chain is control over heterogeneous and homogeneous type phenotypes and genotypes. Basically, you go to certain phenotypes are the features of the person, the genotype as the genes that make the features. So they're not isomorphic. They're not isomorphic. They're random. And that's why symbiotic like evolution, symbiotic like fossil fuels, are made from going to the earth skin dead animals and plants. Over a year, become fossil fuels, and the plants eat the microbe, eat them, and they become a plant, a tree. You know, they become new kind of creatures in a sea, anywhere. So that's saying the Sundance ratio is not phenomena. Basically,

Unknown Speaker  5:19  
genotypes, phenotypes are the features like, my eye color is brown, black, brown. My hair is Lisa phenotype. Furry hair is dark, dark skin. But, you know, my hand is stronger, but, you know, stronger than most people. But what the phenotypes are, the are not, I should move to the genotype my genes doesn't basically enough of one black baby, doesn't mean that I'll have all the black babies, because if I'm a white woman, maybe there's one child, come on white. So the genotype does not detect the phenotype. So basically, it's like a we are called RNA, and DNA.

Unknown Speaker  5:57  
RNA is a DNA strand, but DNA is not RNA. It's funny because it's kind of weird. This RNA is writer genes and DNA is reader genes. So basically you have to have an if you want to slice a gene. A slice a gene, you cut the RNA, you take your gene, the RNA, we take the gene into an RNA reader, and read that an RNA.

Unknown Speaker  6:18  
So because the root is not perfect, because the RNA reader is not perfect. I did a job. They use energy and stuff to do that job, and then you get a weakened G, and there you grow. You get old. You know, that's how DNA actually works. So me, I'm getting old, but I'm not getting old. In a sense. I'm getting stronger. I'm getting weaker slowly. But, you know, I'm December. I'm on my prime right now.

Unknown Speaker  6:42  
40s are your prime.

Unknown Speaker  6:46  
You're the best fish, man. You can do everything.

Unknown Speaker  6:50  
Mid 40s, no, no. 49 within 50, you start to degrade, but you know, you can still maintain yourself another 10 years.

Unknown Speaker  7:01  
5050, but the RNA, we didn't gene are no semi to the DNA, because RNA are mostly read up, read up protocols. They already can make DNA comic DNAs. But the DNAs don't have to do that job, because separate the job can do more sexually.

Unknown Speaker  7:15  
That's called, oh, okay, so guys, I'll see the repository next. But you know this, I'm saying so basically, this my objective shift, a woman, a term, basically something called a woman and a man. A woman, man and woman duality. Boy of God, dully, a woman is a term standardized by history. Has lost, but not well done by you, Nnamdi, but not you. Well done to you. Nnamdi, that's me, because I didn't forget this. A woman definition is a man. All women have wounds to two prefix, and men don't. So now this relationship with the fact that this for man to exist, opposite sex heterogeneity, symbiotic creation of a mammal phenotype, causing embryo called a man. The man must go through the hashes of being a woman as but so basically what that means is a man, a woman is a womb. Man, oh, sorry, guys, a woman.

Unknown Speaker  8:08  
Person, a woman. So we are mammals. We mean we are mammals. We are mammal species. We can give birth. But the thing about mammals is they, they are very weird. They carry the babies. You know, not all manners carry the babies, because people can have miles away from them to keep them safe. But you know, we carry our own babies. That's what called a womb, a wimp, man. That's what this LGBTQ nonsense. Fuck that for goodness sake. But

Unknown Speaker  8:31  
what I'm saying to you is the womb, if you carry a wimp, you're a woman.

Unknown Speaker  8:36  
That's what you have to do. You carry you have to have a womb and bear a child in that womb for nine months. Are you woman? So what is fancy men? You see that gay? And I say the woman, I don't give a shit. Go to, back to history. So basically, got the something called the embryo, which is where the woman carry the eggs. But it's funny. Something about this funny thing, I've noticed the embryo is 23 to 23 sperm, three sperms, three chromosome in the egg. Basically the egg is where the oval is under vagina,

Unknown Speaker  9:11  
just some I don't go actually, the vaginal, the vaginal oven, the vagina is like the it's not really the womb. It's not because it's not because it's a few segments and that can, you know, because, you know, you get to the womb, you don't have to work hard, you just have to, because there's a washing of the cycle. But, you know, this is interesting for, you know, the woman can heal the woman, but washes away. And that's the gene doing that, but the sequence to that, and that's perfect every time. Funny enough, you know, because you know, fuck you guys, you know, you just gonna die. In a way, let me just make my lining perfect so I can feel myself and not give you any more healing abilities. Maybe you're gonna have a new child that's better and better and better so you can stop getting more children, which I find weird, of course, but this is how it is. Instead of making stuff which is not already there, it's creating new stuff, you know, which is like the point of having children anyway, not to make it better, but to keep the generation alive.

Unknown Speaker  10:16  
Okay? So basically, you have to two chromosomes. X y is man, no, no, x y is man, no, no, x y woman, and x y is man, but the Y chromosome is fading because we basically be okay. Basically, there's more hypothesis I have. The white chromosome is fading, but that's because women are getting so stressed. You know? It's not because we are, we are actively killing

Unknown Speaker  10:42  
it. Because, if you stress, basically, anybody that has girl, I keep having girl consistent, because they're so stressed from a man, you have to relax. Um, you know, you know you have to relax if you're basically something called a move, if you're fighting a war, gonna know that having a Man Boy is very direct in a geo so just because the man, the man, the man, the man jeans are there and gets to destroy everything, naturally, small man. But you know that nature is, it's kind of weird. So you have a girl, you know? Because, you know, you're stressed out, usually stirring up, and you cannot make a man to make a go, you know? So let's see. So it's not like that. So I can either stress someone to make a man or or at least make a woman and social to make a my chromosome is there, but it's inactive. It doesn't want to be there because it's being used by other

Unknown Speaker  11:32  
services. Okay? Now, now basically got the users lining the line of woman's useless. Let me try to remember the diagram.

Unknown Speaker  11:40  
Um, num. So

Unknown Speaker  11:43  
it's good, like the extra key. I'm gonna be lining. I don't know nothing,

Unknown Speaker  11:49  
so go to x here. Can you go to line in here? But it's kind of funny, because I don't remember it. It's like my diagram. I'm not be able to see that. That's kind of weird. Oh, and make it bigger. So is this scene to see five?

Unknown Speaker  12:02  
Oh, so this is here.

Unknown Speaker  12:06  
I'll come up to why this project is important. You know, I'm just playing the rationale, and I'll see how it is. Oh, sorry, Nnamdi, up again. Sorry, guys. It's kind of weird, but I'm afraid I'm just trying to model it the way I remember. It's a long time. I don't want to go to Internet. So there's a line in here, there's a line in there, and there's a line in here and lining there. And you get the blood wash up here. You get a thing here, and

Unknown Speaker  12:34  
you get here, and

Unknown Speaker  12:38  
there's a process. You go here, little blood shedding area. You go here, little blood sugar here, and

Unknown Speaker  12:47  
this, here, okay, it's kind of weird, but, you know, it's kind of what this woman is, you first

Unknown Speaker  12:52  
basically, you see, these are the eggs here. This one egg. You get two exact but she's like, one basically, get one here. And wonder your pelvis is, you know, and the holding place, I swear to God, unless a woman lose one of them when they run the phone, and then it's kind of weird. Oh, the Love House. Let me take that off. But you know, it's like, it's like, they go here and peanuts goes here, and they get to execute the sperm carries that doesn't basically, the sperm is 1/5 of the exact which is 50 times bigger than the sperm. Because, remember that, but you know, you know, that's why there's so much sperm. Can have a genetic model of this, but you know, the x is 50 times bigger. You get, like a 1x thumb. And, you know, can have multiple eggs, two eggs this shot, but you know, the goal is one, you know, and when the first on the other sperm start, this is life, and it's kind of kind of cool. But, you know, the thing about this process is it must be once once, because, you know, you can have, like, mixed types of people with body and deformities.

Unknown Speaker  13:55  
It's not perfect all the time, because, you know, Google it basically. So this sperm, but you know, they have 23 chromosomes per man and woman. So the eggs have 20 basically, you got 23 chromosomes, Anthony, three in the nuclei. You know, this is, this is just a basic biology. If you don't know, don't ask me. I know biology. Remember everything. But this is the eggs and the sperm. This is the biology of the eggs. But, you know, there's 50 of these bad boys are, like 100 sign, and they try to attack it, and it kills them.

Unknown Speaker  14:29  
You know, good women. But this is like how it works. So basically, when you go here, and then the washes away all the blood, everything, when it's done, the thing goes on the fetus. The fetus can come to the center. So basically they come to center, and the features here, and the features here, and then expanded, and you get it, and then you have a features, a wound. So basically that's the embryo. So this embryo, basically this section is called the embryo, and the lining closes, and the under this becomes your features. So basically, when this thing comes in, building this embryo, what happens? And this is a fetus. So what is always, come together, start to work. They call a fetus, and they grow over nine months.

Unknown Speaker  15:10  
Yep, can come eight months or less. You know, just depends on how the person is. But my point is, I'm not done with that point. Let

Unknown Speaker  15:20  
me go up. Oh, sorry, no, don't know performance mean, oh, sorry, oh, back to school. CQ, so basically, what I'm saying to you guys is the goal. So basically, this is not random. This is all around. You cannot change the randomness of this. You cannot change the randomness. You cannot change the randomness. You know, can get only x using matter. Cannot change the renders of God, using this method here, the one here. So I'm saying to you guys here, I just recorded as a woman, alternative standard by history. A lot done to you. Nnamdi, so the girl is not directed. She may also the mad a woman. Stress the word girl have sex change. Basically mandatory step to concern the x, y, y, z direction. You cannot control the gene pool. Basically you cannot control what's already there. It's all random, because you can't change the one app but always be random, you know, now the basically the sponge. Now, the thing is now to explore how the game's interact.

Unknown Speaker  16:18  
Just researchers, identity, non identity, binary twins, like you know the thing. So this gold project has changed from

Unknown Speaker  16:31  
Yes, yes. Has changed from understanding why we don't have from controlling the evolution of the state of the or who's having a human body two to identify why we have a womb, woman, first a woman. Basically all men are women. All men are women. Believers or not, because, you know, that's what we have breasts. You know chest, because our breasts basically will stop at a point we stop having a nipple. Stop developing nipple hormones in the biological embryo. State, the fetus position, you know, guys in

Unknown Speaker  17:11  
the fetus position which is so calm,

Unknown Speaker  17:18  
but you know, don't say to you guys. So the thing about the embryo is that it forms, the embryo is there, and then it becomes a fetus. And the fetus goes in stages, but a stage where that man, that fetus, becomes a man, or a full woman. You can control the evolution of that with hormones and pills and stuff.

Unknown Speaker  17:39  
But, you know, there's, you know, because it's more pain. That's because I'm saying, why control this? Because my hypothesis, new now is because we know we have what other mammals like, a seed that control the evolution. So the sea slugs, or whatever they call sea urchins, basically

Unknown Speaker  17:56  
take their own sex, and I just even give them change,

Unknown Speaker  18:00  
you know, I can say I want to become a man because I'm in this mood. I want to become a woman this move, you know, but you know, I'm saying to you because there are mammals that allow you to control their own evolution, true in nature and natural budgeting. But you know, because they have biological just to make sure the ecosystem is sustainable for other generations. You know, because you say, because say, Oh, I'm thinking of being a man today. Let me just be a man, but it's kind of weird that is, that's so weird. So basically, it's not because the system doesn't allow it to choose its identity. It's more sustainable to have women can pass on genes, XYZ, and having a man is too stressful. I think it requires more work, even at the biological level, and that's why we have the depot. So it's not a man. It was no man superior to woman. It's almost superior to man. And a story, because men dominate. Women dominate because, you know, men have more physics, but you know, a woman's view is because they have the women system first before the man. So any man that think the no woman, go write me a thesis on that, and then you can dismiss it.

Unknown Speaker  19:08  
But you know, that's the idea. So basically, the goal is for the womb and the woman to understand what the consciousness of the womb, why the womb in a situation in US mammals, especially land dwelling mammals that work on all were bipedal, land growing, mouth of the of the of the we're bipedal, two legs, land dwelling.

Unknown Speaker  19:35  
We live in the land mammals,

Unknown Speaker  19:41  
where by tutors, Lando and Manos,

Unknown Speaker  19:46  
of the caveman, what's the caveman family?

Unknown Speaker  19:52  
Homo sapiens. I mean homo species, Homo sapiens. We bought the homo sapiens. You know those Neanderthals, but something killed them off. But with the 1% in tandem genes, we don't know why it still exists. Maybe there's a gene factor to us creating the genes. But you know, sometimes, you know, dentists go we don't know why we'll have that one percentile. Maybe someone stopped poking in it, the needles in our bodies. But that's hypothesis. What do you guys think of it? Let me know.

Unknown Speaker  20:21  
So basically, get a deep fix to rise more formally. Let me just get it, but that's what we have. So this report is called github.com/ob, Nexus, D, S, BC, this is the objective before. Now, this objective again. Oh, sorry guys. It's kind of like weird, because I have to fix it. Let me just fix it. Fix it. How do I cook it? So I lock it, what position? Yep, so I can't move it now. Okay. So basically, now that's what I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  20:52  
Yeah. So see, I'm saying it just DSE, another biotic evolution. So basically, the current system, what you guys think of this? One my hypothesis, and you guys love it, but let me know, you know, because I'm actually recording my voice right now, anybody like my, you know, the goal is not of this project. Is not to have a man or girl and control the version of the state of what was happening in the UTS is to literally observe the growth of an embryo and say, Okay, this, this, this what makes a man a woman. This one makes a woman a woman. Yeah, they were coming with a pill. So many people change sex. I don't really care. What do you guys think?

Unknown Speaker  21:31  
Tell me love it. Anyway, anyway. Just try to pause.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
